"Run the app" section will not work as intended (#98425)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/app-service-web-tutorial-dotnet-sqldatabase.md

1. Open the *dotnet-sqldb-tutorial-master/DotNetAppSqlDb.sln* file in Visual Studio.

1. Type `F5` to run the app. The app is displayed in your default browser.

> [!NOTE] 

> > If you just installed Visual Studio and follow the prerequisites, you may have to [install missing packages via NuGet](/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-visual-studio).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!NOTE] 
   > If you only installed Visual Studio and the prerequisites, you may have to [install missing packages via NuGet](/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-visual-studio).
```
